Instructions for Parabolic Game Suite Games

Recommended Screen Resolution: 1400x800

To open menu system, double click the base.py file.

Game Instructions:

GALAXE
The aliens have launched a massive atack on the planet earth! Use your spaceship to valiantly fight until the end. Destroy all aliens, but avoid getting shot.

Controls for GALAXE
Move left-Left arrow key
Move right-Right arrow key
Shoot-Spacebar

FLITEPATH
Survive as long as you can in an ever-shrinking canyon. Collect point bonuses and shield power-ups, but avoid the red obstacles.

Controls for FLITEPATH
Ascend-Spacebar
Descend-Release spacebar

TANKS
This is the final straw. You and your rival must duke it out like true gentlemen (or ladies)... IN TANKS! Use the walls for cover, and be wary of the teleporters!

Player One Controls for TANKS
Move left-Left arrow key
Move right-Right arrow key
Move up-Up arrow key
Move down-Down arrow key
Shoot-Spacebar

Player Two controls for TANKS
Move left-A
Move right-D
Move up-W
Move down-S
Shoot-X

PONG
Keep the ball off the bottom of the screen for as long as you can!

Controls for PONG
Move left-Left arrow key
Move right-right arrow key

TURRETWARS
The enemy has built up a fortress, right nest to yours! Punish them for their insolence! Control your turret and destroy the enemy before they destroy you!

Player One Controls for TURRETWARS
Rotate left-Left arrow key
Rotate right-Right arrow key
Increase power level-Up arrow key
Decrease power level-Down arrow key
Shoot-Spacebar

Player Two Controls for TURRETWARS
Rotate left-A
Rotate right-D
Increase power level-W
Decrease power level-S
Shoot-X

BRIXX
Destroy as many brixx as you can before your ball goes off the bottom of the screen. Be careful, the farther you go, the harder the brixx are to destroy.

Controls for BRIXX
Move left-Left arrow key
Move right-Right arrow key

GUNNER
You're ship is stranded in space, helpless and alone. Fend off the incoming asteroids to survive as long as possible.

Controls for GUNNER
Rotate left-Left arrow key
Rotate right-Right arrow key
Shoot-Spacebar

ULTIMATUM
The negotiations for the alien planet are sure to fail. You have been sent on an undercover mission by the Earthen government. Your only goal, destroy the enemy planet. Fight through waves of enemies until the mission is done.

Controls for ULTIMATUM
Move left-Left arrow key
Move right-Right arrow key
Move forwards-Up arrow key
Move backwards-Down arrow key
Fire missiles-Spacebar
Drop bomb-ALT
